1. Find the names of all employees who work for First Bank Corporation. select employee-namefrom workswhere company-name = ’First Bank Corporation’ 2. Find the names and cities of residence of all employees who work for First Bank Corporation. select e.employee-name, cityfrom employee e, works wwhere w.company-name = ’First Bank Corporation’ and w.employee-name = e.employee-name 3. Find the names, street address, and cities of residence of all employees who work for First Bank Corporation and earn more than $10,000. select *from employeewhere employee-name in (select employee-namefrom workswhere company-name = ’First Bank Corporation’ and salary > 10000) 4. Find all employees in the database who live in the same cities as the com- panies for which they work. select e.employee-namefrom employee e, works w, company cwhere e.employee-name = w.employee-name and e.city = c.city and w.company -name = c.company -name 5. Find all employees in the database who live in the same cities and on the same streets as do their managers. select P.employee-namefrom employee P, employee R, manages Mwhere P.employee-name = M.employee-name and M.manager-name = R.employee-name and P.street = R.street and P.city = R.city 6. Find all employees in the database who do not work for First Bank Corporation. select employee-namefrom workswhere company-name ?= ’First Bank Corporation’ 5. Find all employees in the database who earn more than every employee of Small Bank Corporation. select employee-name from workswhere salary > all (select salaryfrom workswhere company-name = ’Small Bank Corporation’) 6. Assume that the companies may be located in several cities. Find all companies located in every city in which Small Bank Corporation is located. select T.company-name from company T where (select R.city from company R where R.company-name = T.company-name) contains (select S.cityfrom company Swhere S.company-name = ’Small Bank Corporation’) 7. Find all employees who earn more than the average salary of all employees of their company. select employee-namefrom works Twhere salary > (select avg (salary) from works Swhere T.company-name = S.company-name) 8. Find the company that has the most employees. select company-namefrom worksgroup by company-namehaving count (distinct employee-name) >= all (select count (distinct employee-name) from worksgroup by company-name) 9. Find the company that has the smallest payroll. select company-namefrom worksgroup by company-namehaving sum (salary) <= all (select sum (salary) from worksgroup by company-name) 10. Find those companies whose employees earn a higher salary, on average, than the average salary at First Bank Corporation. select company-namefrom worksgroup by company-namehaving avg (salary) > (select avg (salary) from workswhere company-name = ’First Bank Corporation’) 